Xbox Table This is a web heading Level 3
table.
This table uses a figure element to build
a relationship between the data,
the author, and the source.
Figure table with two rows and seven
columns.
Caption Morse code and NATO Phonetic
alphabet Chart Letter Row one Column one
Letter A column 2A B Column three BC
column four CD column five DE column six
EF column seven F NATO row 2 column one
NATO A column 2A B column 3B C column 4C
D column 5D E column 6E F column 7F Out
of table Caption Source JWTF out of
figure Link back to top of page table.
Head back to top of page visited.